<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>2856 Tesseract</title>
    <description>The Webpage for Red Shift Robotics&#39; 2856 Tesseract.</description>
    <link>localhost:4000/</link>
    <atom:link href="localhost:4000/feed.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    <pubDate>Tue, 15 Mar 2016 17:51:47 -0700</pubDate>
    <lastBuildDate>Tue, 15 Mar 2016 17:51:47 -0700</lastBuildDate>
    <generator>Jekyll v3.1.2</generator>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #63</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Troubleshooting during drive practice&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;During drive practice, a lot of problems cropped up. The robot continued to lose battery power and would disconnect or the treads would fall off. Samin and Isaac worked on the treads, made the scoring mechanism work, and focused on understanding why battery power is draining so fast on the robot. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;There used to be a ramp when the blocks went in, but now we’re collecting straight into it. He added a back plate to the scoring mechanism so the blocks don’t fall out the back. It prevents blocks from getting stuck in the robot and us getting a penalty. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Something is draining our battery very fast and that problem needs to be fixed before we head to Super Regionals. He is finding what uses the most battery to identify this problem. They are still working on finding an answer.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;After practice, the team investigated. To understand where all the power is being used, the team first measured the amps used with the whole robot. It measured 20 amps. We knew a lot of the resistance was from the treads, so we first measured the robot right side up. Measuring that, we found that the treads drew 15 amps! We wanted to see if it was the weight of the robot, so we flipped it over and measured again, but this still drew 14 amps. Next, we took off the treads and only measured 0.4 amps and thought something was wrong. But, measuring just a 40:1 motor not on the robot, we measured 0.03 amps, meaning our measurement is probably correct.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Clearly, treads and tensioning are the problem. We’re not exactly sure what to do yet because there is not enough time to make drastic changes. We could try wheels, we could try taking pieces off the treads, but we decided to think about it over the weekend.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post63-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;isaac&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Isaac On The Field.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Pit Work feat. Origami Party&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The pit is coming together! The poster, business cards, and caramels have arrived at the school. Gabe emailed the athletics department and is procuring a 10x10 tent for Super Regionals. The poster will be hung in this tent and the business cards and caramels will be passed out there. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Because the season is winding down and there aren’t a ton of projects, a lot of work has been going into doing the pit. The team finished folding 200 origami blow up cubes to put on lights in the pit! They engineered an assembly line using some wood, a box, and yarn to pull the partially folded origami cubes to the next group of people who finished them and put them in a box. It was really fun, accompanied by some zen music to establish the Japanese Garden style that was our focus for the day.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post63-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;isaac&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Oragami Party.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;2856 Website&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Wilson and Matt worked on creating the 2856 website. Currently, there is a Red Shift website that Wilson was working on, but because just 2856 is going to Super Regionals, we needed to make our own. The Red Shift website will link to our page, 2856.io. They started running a Jekyll server. This will allow them to easily interpret word documents into an online format. This will allow the team to post the entire notebook online, which we currently can’t do. This will take a lot more time to make it the best it can be, so Matt and Wilson will continue doing it outside of drive practice.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Aligning Axles&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Peter helped fix the drive train by making a part that holds the axles together. He used a small piece of steel with two holds in it to hold the axles in place. The axles move apart and messes up the angle of the sprockets, which makes the chain fall off. This fixed the problem so far.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Outreach Essay&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team worked on writing about some extensive outreach events we have worked at. These included hosting our school’s robotics summer camp last year and teaching students to code in Zambia.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Going out to Lunch&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team went out to lunch today during our long Saturday practice. We all went over to Rancho Bravo, which is a Mexican restaurant close to our school. We enjoyed walking over there together and hanging out outside of our robotics studio. After we came back from lunch, we were very refreshed and continued to work efficiently.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post63-3.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;isaac&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;We Just Got Back From Lunch!&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Super Regionals Decorations: Chain and Necklaces&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team was able to make quite a few decorations for Super Regionals. We first made a nice chain out of 3D printed tesseracts and “2856” signs made out of acrylic.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;We then worked on putting string on the necklaces Wilson had cut out of acrylic. These necklaces are personalized, and say the last name of our team members. We also made a few necklaces that say “fan” for parents that fly down to California.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The driver, operator, and field coach also have special labels on them!&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post63-4.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;signs&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Pit Signs.&lt;/span&gt;
&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post63-5.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;signs&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Sit Signs.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Sat, 12 Mar 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/03/12/troubleshoot/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/03/12/troubleshoot/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #62</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Continuing Moving the Wiring&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team continued to rewire parts of the robot so that we could get better access the wiring. We also wanted to get our wiring out the way of the hanging mechanism. After fixing this hanging mechanism, we were able to do drive practice.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post62-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;isaac&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Isaac Working on The Robot.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Matt and AJ on...THE ALGORITHM&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Matt worked on The Algorithm. He worked on getting the NDK to compile with Gradle in Android Studio. This required that he update to an experimental version of the Android Plugin and Gradle. This broke compatibility with some of the existing FTC infrastructure and Matt spent most of the practice working out these issues. Most of the problems have been solved however Matt has still not successfully deployed an OpenCV project. That will hopefully happen during the next practice.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post62-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;aj&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Working on THE ALGORITHM.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Cutting washers for conveyor system&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Matt and Samin worked on cutting washers to make sure the conveyor system would not come off the mechanism.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our scoring mechanism kept breaking because we were fixing some of the parts of the scoring mechanisms. We had taken off the ramps and not replaced them because we wanted to fix the angle.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post62-3.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;matt&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Working in the Shop.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Setting up the tent for the pit&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The team needed to decide between a tent and a PVC pipe pit. Robert and Arielle went to grab a Seattle nAcademy tent from facilities to test out what it looked like. If we choose PVC, we would have to buy more pipe to give it more structure for lights. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Robert, Arielle, Peter, and Wilson set up the tent and pulled AJ and Matt to the lobby to decide what to do. The tent is 10x15, so we would just have to grab a smaller tent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The team decided on using the tent. It looks a lot better and we can hang tools off the top :-) (Matt’s idea). The next step is ask facilities and athletics to borrow a 10x10 tent for Super Regionals. In addition, hopefully we can procure it before the competition to figure out what it looks like.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post62-4.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;tent&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;A Tent In The Lobby.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Wed, 09 Mar 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/03/09/rewrite/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/03/09/rewrite/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #61</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;USB Hub and Core Module failing&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team worked today on remounting our electronics. Our electronics were not very well mounted, and so it was hard to get to what we needed to fix. The USB hub was breaking and not working well, so we needed to redo it. We decided to remount all our electronics to make it very accessible because before they were hard to fix.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Configuring the NDK&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Matt worked on setting up the Native Development Kit which allows us to program in C++. This is beneficial because it allows us to use the OpenCV library which allows us to do very advanced image processing. We will then have a very advanced positioning system by running image processing on the walls of the field to determine angle and distance from the walls. Thisf gives us a good idea of our position by using hough transform which looks at lines and determines information based on how lines intersect.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Pit designs&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Arielle and Robert worked on designing a pit for Super Regionals. They are trying to decide if we will use a tent or make our own PBC pit.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;PBC upsides:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-unique&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-open and doesn’t feel trapped&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tent upsides:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-what everyone uses&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-solid&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-looks good&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;PBD downsides:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-has to be created&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-looks bad if not decorated well&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Tent downsides:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;-feels trapped and could feel too enclosed&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Tue, 08 Mar 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/03/08/fixing/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/03/08/fixing/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #60</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Servo Calibration of Awesomeness&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Matt finished the servo calibrator he has been working on for the past few days. Today he encased it in a polycarbonate casing which allowed it to be more durable. This ensures that it is actually useful when calibrating servos and not something that is burdensome to use. The servo calibrator works incredibly well right now and even today has already been used to calibrate the servos for the all clear mechanism we made today.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The one issue with it in its current state is that it has to drive the LCD screen, Arduino, and servo all off of one battery. This means that if the servo encounters resistance, the LCD screen will lose power until the resistance is removed. This means that servos that use a lot of torque are cumbersome to calibrate with the current system, but it will be easy to add another 12v input to attach a standard battery which would be used for just powering the servo, allowing for more realistic torque.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post60-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;matt&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Matt’s Servo Calibrator.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Drive Practice&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our drive team, Isaac, Wilson, and Samin, did extensive drive practice. Today we tested an alternate scenario that we could see occurring in future competitions. Our robot is designed to climb the ramp on which our alliance has the climbers and midzone bucket. But we are aware that there may be other robots that would like to use that side as well that we may be partnered with. So in this round of drive practice we tested our effectiveness when working on the opposite ramp and attempting to score in the high zone (with moderate success). By slightly modifying the ramps our block scorer uses we think that we can score to some degree in the high zone goal as we go up to hang. We can also of course score blocks in the low goal. We tested this strategy today in drive practice. We had some good and some bad rounds, none of them met our full potential as we are still working out the bugs. Here is our scoresheet for the day.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post60-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;matt&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Drive Data.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;All-clear Mechanism&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Today Peter and Matt also worked on making a mechanism that would allow us to trigger the all-clear signal at the top of the ramp while hanging. We are already in the perfect position when we hang and so it was a simple matter of attaching a servo with a length of thin Tetrix to either side of our robot that flips over to trigger the beacon. We ran into a few clearance issues with motors, but they were easily fixed by shifting the extruded aluminum the mechanism is mounted on slightly to either side. This mechanism could be improved slightly by creating struts that would run parallel to the main rod that hits the all-clear signal as it would provide more surface area to contact the all-clear signal, but it would put us extremely close to being outside the 18x18 inch box and the mechanism works extremely well already in preliminary testing so these struts are probably not necessary. Below is a picture of the mechanism in its not-deployed state.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post60-3.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;all-clear&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;All-Clear.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Wed, 02 Mar 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/03/02/servo/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/03/02/servo/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #59</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Servo Calibrator of Awesomeness&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Matt continued making the servo calibrator. It will allow us to calibrate servos without having to continually tweak values. It will probably make servo calibrating 8 times as fast as before. He used an Arduino to output the value it’s sending to the servo, as well as sending the value to an LCD screen. This way, we can get real time feedback about what value the servo is at. We can calibrate things more efficiently. We can move the dial to position the servo then read the value off and upload that into the code.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post59-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;matt&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Building Servo Callibrator.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Continuing to color code the notebook&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Arielle worked on continuing to color code the notebook for the judge’s ease of reading. She is almost done and only has a few more posts to do! There are color coded tesseracts that relate to each area of our team and you can see them on the left of the title.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Drive practice&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The drive team tested the time of different actions to figure out our scoring potential. We can barely do three trips in time. We are going to do three trips and hang, or there is a possibility for us to do 3 low zone trips on the far side. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our highest score was 220 without autonomous and our average was 140 points without autonomous.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;They also discussed driver - coach relations. They learned that communication is challenging and they need to practice. They are going to practice driving and listening at the next practices.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post59-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;drive&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Isaac and Wilson Doing Drive Practice.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Making new t-shirts&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Shanti made three t-shirt designs for a new t-shirt at Super Regionals. It needs to have our logo, the Tesseract, as well as possibly our name and our number. All of her designs are on t-shirts and she didn’t realize we had a logo, so they have a different tesseract. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Arielle and Willy figured out what they could do on polos. They found that an embroidered polo is very expensive and they can’t do a lot of designing on it, but Wilson is adamant it be embroidered. Arielle is going to check her polo from work to see what it is as a possible alternative. Shanti will probably continue working on her t-shirt designs, but with the proper logo.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Gear Box&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Samin worked on the gear box. He didn’t think it was worth working on right now because the gear box right now is not stripping. There are other, more important things.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Block guards removed&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Peter designed guards for the front treads. They are little aluminum pieces to keep blocks from getting in our treads. After putting it on, they realized that it hit, bent, scratched, and scraped the ramp. It got in the robot’s way. This was taken off immediately. They might try another idea later.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post59-3.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;samin&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Samin Working On The Chassis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Moving the button press&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Samin moved the button press mechanism to another position. This saves time. He moved it from the front to the back of the robot. We no longer have to turn the entire robot around every time we want to press the button.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Tue, 01 Mar 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/03/01/servo/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/03/01/servo/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #58</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Building a better Binder&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team worked on building a better notebook binder for Super Regionals. This new binder went through many iterations. First we went through using 1/4tg inch wood with a 1/8th inch acrylic back. We didn’t like how thick this was, so we moved to at 1/8th inch wood piece and 1/8th inch piece of acrylic sheet. We had trouble aligning the wood and acrylic and so we had to redo it a few times. When we redid it, we had to clean of the glue and try again. We were not able to bfinish today, but hopefully we can next practice.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post58-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;samin&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Samin Gluing.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Image Process implementation for the button press&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Isaac and Matt worked on implementing the image processing code that allows our robot to hit the correct beacon in autonomous. After adding this program, we can now start to implement a mechanism to hit the button. For the mechanism, we are going to use a mousepad that will conform to the button. This mousepad will allow us to hit the button without using a mechanism that would have to move to hit the button. We can now just use our preexisting systems to hit it!&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post58-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;coders&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Coders Working on Code.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Side Collectors&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Shanti worked on making new side collectors. These new ramps should work better than the old method we had. The old ramps were too squishy and the blocks went under them. These new ramps should be more rigid and allow us to gather blocks.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post58-3.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;shanti&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Shanti Hard At Work.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Reformatting the Notebook&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Arielle worked today on reformatting the notebook. She is adding a few new formatting changes such as new logos, different fonts, and a new background colors for the task column. She is also working on adding a few new pictures that take up some of the blank space we had. We want to make sure we are using up the blank space and following all the rules.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post58-4.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;arielle&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Arielle Working On The Notebook.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;New Gear Box&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Samin worked on making our new gear box for the hanging mechanism. We used our lathe and our new hexagonal stock. We turned down the hexagonal stock for a part for our new gear box. This will also prevent our gears from slipping.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Wed, 24 Feb 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/02/24/binder/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/02/24/binder/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #57</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Poster and branding for Super Regionals&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Wilson, Arielle, Ellie, and Willy worked on finishing the poster and business cards for Super Regionals. They want to make a cohesive theme throughout all of it, so they picked the best color for a tesseract and are putting our name on everything. They are working on pit decorations, like planning on folding cubes to put over Christmas lights to decorate. They also increased our social media presence by creating a Snapchat and an Instagram.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Matt: Basic maintenance&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Matt replaced the servo for the hang lock because the wire was broken. He also did more testing for static and debugged a motor controller that wasn’t connecting. It was the result of a faulty USB cable. This was mostly basic maintenance so that the robot is more reliable and minor problems are gone.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Researching code problems&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;AJ helped Isaac and Matt. He researched some problems the coders have with the code base. On the main app screen, it displays errors as they occur, like hardware and Opware errors, but they don’t scroll so the messages cut off. It isn’t possible to change this, so AJ needs to contact FTC for help.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Samin and Isaac: Basic Maintenance&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Samin worked with Matt and Isaac on wiring. This way, things won’t come unplugged as easily. They also replaced some broken servos and made a dispensing mechanism, so blocks are properly funneled into the collection mechanism. They accidentally put the wrong servo on first (a continuous servo), but fixed it fast. Samin will be fixing the back wheel tomorrow by making it smaller so that the robot will fit inside the sizing cube.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Autonomous&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Isaac worked on making the autonomous more reliable. He mainly did testing and did minor code tweaks. They are thinking about adding a button press because it should be fairly simple, but that will come when we have time.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Tue, 23 Feb 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/02/23/branding/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/02/23/branding/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #56</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Fixing our Static Problem&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team worked a lot today on fixing our continued static problem. Our robot has been shutting down when it touches the ramp because of static, so we worked to figure out the problem. Wilson had brought in his dehumidifier and we made the room as dry as possible. We then tested different mechanisms to find out what was making us shut down. We used a van der graft generator from the physics room to shock different parts of the robot to find out what was conducting the most electricity. We have been having lots of trouble with our batteries, and they keep draining very quickly over practice. We weren’t able to fully fix the static or battery problem today, but we are making progress and hopefully can fix it this week.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post56-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;us&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Us Disscussing Static.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Designing our Pit&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Pit design is something that our team finds important. To have an amazing pit, we spent some time brainstorming the setup of our Super Regionals Pit. We are thinking of having a large pack poster that says our team name. We will have two tables: one for our robot and one for outreach and handouts. We will have a cube theme throughout our tent, including cube balloons, candy, handouts, and more!&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post56-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;pit&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;1st Pit Design.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Phone Box and Organizer&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Robert worked on building a phone holding box. This box will have a foam interior that holds our team’s phones and charges them. The two holes on the sides of the box is where the charger cords go to plug into a wall outlet.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;This new phone box will allow us to have better organization than we have had in the past. Before, our phone were sitting on a cart, and the cords got very tangled. We now have a better system for keeping them organize and tidy.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post56-3.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;box&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;New Box For Phones.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Sat, 20 Feb 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/02/20/static/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/02/20/static/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #55</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Setting Up the Pit&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;We worked on setting up our PBC pit and making sure that our set up from last year would work. We started to plan out posters we would make and how our tables would be set up. We discussed the best use of our space and how we wanted to organize it this year.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post55-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;pit&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Setting Up The Pit.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Replacing the Polycarbonate&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Peter worked on replacing the polycarbonate belt of the scoring mechanisms. We decided to replace it to make it more robuts to make sure it is not going to fall apart.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;We are also working on modifying this mechanism because we want to make it more efficient and faster. We want it to be faster at scoring so that we can do more trips of blocks. Our changes should also make it less prone to jamming, which has been a problem in the past.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post55-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;poly&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;The Side of The Robot.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Order Acrylic&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Wilson worked on ordering acrylic for our notebook. This acrylic would be used to make the top of our notebook.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Budget Talk&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team also worked to talk about our budget. We decided what we were going to buy for Super Regionals. We decided we wanted to spend some money buying new posters, Tesseract balloons, and more cube-related items.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Decompiling (hopefully)&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In the FTC app, there is source code and compiled code. We don’t have the source code for the compiled code. AJ and Matt are trying to decompile the binary so they can modify it. They tried variations of two basic approaches: decompiling the binary, modifying it, and recompiling it or decompiling it and integrating it back into the main source tree. Nothing has worked so far. In the future, they hope to get it to work.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post55-3.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;code&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Coders Working Away.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Restart the robot through code&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Isaac is making a program that lets the driver communicate with the inner workings of the robot through opmodes. The goal is to eventually be able to restart the robot through opmodes. So, if there is an error, we can restart the robot. He is tweaking the socket, which is an internet connection within a device. He is sending data back and forth through that. He is not done yet, but he has gotten data sending, so he is close. This is in addition to AJ and Matt’s project. They are making changes deeper than the code and Isaac wants to be able to communicate deeper in the code. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;If AJ and Matt do not figure out how to do their project. we can do simple things like restart the robot, but it won’t be as complex as we want.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Wed, 10 Feb 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/02/10/pit/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/02/10/pit/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Session #54</title>
        <description>&lt;h2&gt;Static Research&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Our team realized that static electricity was really important to understand for Super Regionals. If we continue to not address this problem, our robot could repeat its State performance and not work again, which could be fatal at Super Regionals. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Shanti and Armon’s task was to research what static electricity we create. They needed to find the materials that rub against each other on our robot. They were figuring out where the materials are located on the Triboelectric Scale. They found almost everything. They found that the polyurethane is really high on the scale, while most of the other materials are really low on the scale. They’ve contacted the company to figure out what the rubber part of the treads are made of, because they don’t know yet and it is important to know. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Because the polyurethane is high on the scale, it could potentially be creating static electricity on the robot. Depending on what material the rubber on the treads is made out of, it could be another potential source.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post54-1.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;word&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Word Doc List.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Custom axle making for block collecting and scoring&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Peter and Samin decided to make the treadmill faster. This will allow us to score faster and the blocks won’t jam in the treadmill system. Peter is using a custom sprocket, but the axle hole is too big. They got a bigger axle and turned down most of the axle to fit a normal axle size, except for a little part of it to fit the new sprocket. Peter is putting the chain on right now. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The ball scorer used to be a 2:1 gear ratio. With the new little sprocket, it is a 4:1 ratio. They changed another sprocket to an even bigger one, 8:1, so it will be 8 times faster.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/img/post54-2.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;sprocket&quot; width=&quot;50%&quot; /&gt;
&lt;span style=&quot;text-align: left;&quot; class=&quot;caption text-muted&quot;&gt;Scorer Sprocket..&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;Overriding error messages&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Isaac is looking through the FTC code. He is finding a way to change the configuration files, mid-match, in order to deal with the interface module being broken. If one device dies, it will stop that one device, but the rest of the robot will continue working. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Isaac is looking through the FTC code. He is finding a way to change the configuration files, mid-match, in order to deal with the interface module being broken. If one device dies, it will stop that one device, but the rest of the robot will continue working. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;It hasn’t been working very well. The software is confusing. A lot of the code is also compiled, for no visible reason. It doesn’t have to be compiled, but it is, so a lot of it is unreadable. He is stopping the error reporting idea, but he’s still trying to change the config between autonomous and teleop. According to Larry, the two things most prone to static are the interface module and the legacy module, which are only used in autonomous. If we can eliminate them for teleop, our problems could be solved.&lt;/p&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Tue, 09 Feb 2016 12:04:12 -0800</pubDate>
        <link>localhost:4000/2016/02/09/static/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">localhost:4000/2016/02/09/static/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>
